docs/more-information.md, before:

Tepl - more information
=======================

About versions and API
----------------------

The API is now **constantly unstable**, there can be API breaks for new
versions. As a consequence, it is highly recommended to **bundle** Tepl with the
program, and for the program to depend on a precise version of Tepl.

The library soname is adapted for each release.

Dependencies
------------

- GLib 2
- GTK 3
- GtkSourceView 4
- [Amtk](https://gitlab.gnome.org/World/amtk) 5
- [ICU](http://site.icu-project.org/)

Documentation
-------------

See the `gtk_doc` Meson option. A convenient way to read the API documentation
is with the [Devhelp](https://wiki.gnome.org/Apps/Devhelp) application.

See also other files in this directory for additional notes.

Some links
----------

- [Project home page](https://gitlab.gnome.org/swilmet/tepl)
- [Tarballs](https://download.gnome.org/sources/tepl/)
- [Old Gtef tarballs](https://download.gnome.org/sources/gtef/)

Development and maintenance
---------------------------

If you want to see Tepl improved, you are encouraged to contribute. The
maintainer will do its best at reviewing merge requests. However, contributions
need to follow the roadmap of Tepl or the general philosophy of the project.

Commit message:

docs: update section 'About versions'
A soname bump should be done only if necessary, because updating the
package on some Linux distributions involve additional review steps when
the soname change (Debian for example).

docs/more-information.md, after:

Tepl - more information
=======================

About versions
--------------

Tepl follows the even/odd minor version scheme.

For example the `6.3.x` versions are development snapshots, and the `6.4.x`
series is stable.

There are sometimes API or ABI breaks, in which case the library soname is
adapted.

Dependencies
------------

- GLib 2
- GTK 3
- GtkSourceView 4
- [Amtk](https://gitlab.gnome.org/World/amtk) 5
- [ICU](http://site.icu-project.org/)

Documentation
-------------

See the `gtk_doc` Meson option. A convenient way to read the API documentation
is with the [Devhelp](https://wiki.gnome.org/Apps/Devhelp) application.

See also other files in this directory for additional notes.

Some links
----------

- [Project home page](https://gitlab.gnome.org/swilmet/tepl)
- [Tarballs](https://download.gnome.org/sources/tepl/)
- [Old Gtef tarballs](https://download.gnome.org/sources/gtef/)

Development and maintenance
---------------------------

If you want to see Tepl improved, you are encouraged to contribute. The
maintainer will do its best at reviewing merge requests. However, contributions
need to follow the roadmap of Tepl or the general philosophy of the project.
